[content update] Declarative Shadow DOM: Update to reflect innerHTML changes (#4390)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/declarative-shadow-dom/index.md

div.shadowRoot; // null
```

To avoid some important security considerations, Declarative Shadow Roots also can't be created
using fragment parsing APIs like `innerHTML` or `insertAdjacentHTML()`. The only way to parse

> HTML with Declarative Shadow Roots applied by passing a new `includeShadowRoots` option to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTML with Declarative Shadow Roots applied is to pass a new `includeShadowRoots` option to
```
